Personalization

Turbo
        ◦       High energy medium sized dog eats a lot of food needs a lot of running and physical and mental stimulation has many toys and puzzles has harness because she pulls when walking. She is very responsive to commands knows how to sit. Stay spin and go around your legs can wait often barks at the door and may lunge at strangers or other dogs in a friendly way turbo would like to say hi to many dogs or everybody if possible. Sheds a lot

Troy
        ◦       High energy, large dog very strong requires attention during walks and may potentially chase cars or other dogs sometimes enjoys treats sometimes gets out of the yard/escapes ha ha. Sheds a lot,

Logan
        ◦       Medium energy, older dog medium to large size, but not that heavy enjoys walking, but also lounging around and being comfortable and is responsive to commands and very kind

Dakota
        ◦       Very small dog very cute maybe it would be nice to dress up or give tiny accessories, low maintenance very sweet

Zephyr
        ◦       Small dog very cute sheds a lot sometimes barks at door likes little toys. Enjoy pets.

Palmer
        ◦       Small dog doesn’t shed that much has really long hair great hair long tail responsive to commands doesn’t bark that much easy to take care of very sweet has sensitivity to certain people

Athena
        ◦       Large dog sometimes barks enjoys long walks, enjoys pets, enjoys fetch, and playing with toys


Teddy
        ◦       Teddy is a small dog. He’s a Chihuahua. He enjoys his Kong. He enjoys walks and being comfortable in his bed or his bag and likes to play with his little toys, sleeps a lot cuddly.

Mango
        ◦       Small to medium size dog corgi enjoys fetch with different toys enjoys walks really likes food licks his paws enjoys pets sometimes. has a big bark. We had mango and Harley boarded at the house at the same time for two weeks during Christmas and they were friends and we walked them together and we have some one or two pictures with both of them together.

Pretzel
        ◦       Large dog enjoys long walks has a lot of energy has a big bark, but doesn’t bark that much is very sweet enjoys pets and belly rubs likes his couch makes himself comfortable sometimes uses prong collar because of pulling, but is very nice and sweet dog very large and strong

Pumba
        ◦       Medium size dog nervous at first, but settles quickly and makes himself comfortable takes naps and likes to sleep and lay down

Harley
        ◦       Medium size dog I think it’s a French bully. We had him and mango at the same time and they were friends. We had them both together for two weeks over the Christmas holiday Harley doesn’t like to be left alone but it’s still very young so that’s something to work on and we improved his pee, pad, training and potty training and he enjoys playing fetch and with medium sized toys just need to be careful that they’re not too small so that he might choke on it so they have to be a little bigger than small.

Frankie
      ◦       Small dog, low maintenance, white hair, gets comfortable fast, sleeps a lot, good on walks, responsive.


Milo
      ◦       small black dog, good on walks, licks a lot so much that he needs spray in his water if his saliva smells, hes very cute and cuddly, sleeps a lot, barks sometimes but is great